com/example/newsopedia/Model/Source.java
 com.example.newsopedia.Model.Source
com/example/newsopedia/ApiInterface.java
 com.example.newsopedia.ApiInterface
com/example/newsopedia/ui/gallery/BusinessFragment.java
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.gallery.BusinessFragment
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.gallery.BusinessFragment$1
com/example/newsopedia/ui/science/ScienceFragment.java
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.science.ScienceFragment
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.science.ScienceFragment$1
com/example/newsopedia/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.newsopedia.BuildConfig
com/example/newsopedia/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/newsopedia/ui/slideshow/SporthowViewModel.java
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.slideshow.SporthowViewModel
com/example/newsopedia/MainActivity.java
 com.example.newsopedia.MainActivity
com/example/newsopedia/Adapter.java
 com.example.newsopedia.Adapter
 com.example.newsopedia.Adapter$1
 com.example.newsopedia.Adapter$ViewHolder
com/example/newsopedia/ui/gallery/BusinessViewModel.java
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.gallery.BusinessViewModel
com/example/newsopedia/Model/Articles.java
 com.example.newsopedia.Model.Articles
com/example/newsopedia/Detailed.java
 com.example.newsopedia.Detailed
com/example/newsopedia/ApiClient.java
 com.example.newsopedia.ApiClient
com/example/newsopedia/Model/Category.java
 com.example.newsopedia.Model.Category
com/example/newsopedia/ui/technology/TechnologyFragment.java
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.technology.TechnologyFragment
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.technology.TechnologyFragment$1
com/example/newsopedia/ui/technology/TechnologyViewModel.java
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.technology.TechnologyViewModel
com/example/newsopedia/Model/Headlines.java
 com.example.newsopedia.Model.Headlines
com/example/newsopedia/ui/science/ScienceViewModel.java
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.science.ScienceViewModel
com/example/newsopedia/ui/finance/FinanceViewModel.java
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.finance.FinanceViewModel
com/example/newsopedia/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
com/example/newsopedia/ui/slideshow/SporthowFragment.java
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.slideshow.SporthowFragment
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.slideshow.SporthowFragment$1
com/example/newsopedia/ui/finance/FinanceFragment.java
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.finance.FinanceFragment
 com.example.newsopedia.ui.finance.FinanceFragment$1
